[Model] Add LoRA support for TransformersModel (#13770)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/source/models/supported_models.md

##### LoRA

> Transformers fallback has supported LoRA. The usage way is identical to how LoRA works with models supported by vLLM. If you encounter any issues, please open an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Transformers fallback supports LoRA. See <project:#lora-adapter> for more information about LoRA in vLLM. If you encounter any issues, please open an issue.
```
